Minor fixes (#4)
ExpediaGroup/apiary-extensions-terraform: privileges-grantor/README.md

| lambda\_timeout | The time after which the lambda execution stops. | string | `"200"` | no |
| memory | The amount of memory (in MiB) to be used by Lambda | string | `"512"` | no |
| metastore\_events\_filter | List of metastore event types to be added to SNS filter. Supported format: `<<EOD "CREATE_TABLE","ALTER_TABLE" EOD` | string | `"\"CREATE_TABLE\",\"ALTER_TABLE\""` | no |
| database\_filter | List of database names to be added to SNS filter. Supported format: `<<EOD \"DB_NAME_1\",\"DB_NAME_2\" EOD` | string | n/a | yes |
| metastore\_events\_filter | List of metastore event types to be added to SNS filter. Supported format: `[ "CREATE_TABLE","ALTER_TABLE" ]` | list | `[ "CREATE_TABLE", "ALTER_TABLE" ]` | no |
| database\_filter | List of database names to be added to SNS filter. Supported format: `[ "DB_NAME_1", "DB_NAME_2" ]` | list | n/a | yes |
| metastore\_events\_sns\_topic | SNS Topic for Hive Metastore events. | string | n/a | yes |
| pg\_jars\_s3\_key | S3 key where zip file is located. | string | n/a | yes |
| pg\_lambda\_bucket | Bucket where the Lambda zip can be found, for example 'bucket_name'. Used together with `pg_jars_s3_key`. | string | n/a | yes |

> | pg\_lambda\_version | Version of the Privileges Grantor Lambda. | string | n/a | yes |

Reviewer: Why has this been removed? If on purpose this needs to be documented.

Author: I've added a line in the Changelog. Reason being is that it is duplicate to the functionality provided by `pg_jars_s3_key`. 

`pg_jars_s3_key` allows you to specify the path to the lambda zip on S3 (the full path). 

I removed `pg_lambda_version` variable as it was confusion why we need it if we have `pg_jars_s3_key`. However I added an example in the README.md of how when invoking the module the end user can define this variable - `pg_lambda_version` locally and use a null_resource to pull the lambda from maven and upload it to s3 via aws_s3_object resource. then this `aws_s3_object` resource path can be passed to `pg_jars_s3_key` var passing the path to the lambda zip.

Reviewer 2: I would recommend against this nullResource as that means downloading to laptop (or wherever you apply TF) and then uploading to s3. I've had this in a different project and have had so many failures on this and bad TF state afterwards it also means your TF apply command will be super slow. Use the hcom maven repo on s3 and point to that by default. I can point you to some examples how we do this now which works a lot smoother.

> | pg\_lambda\_s3\_key | S3 key where privilege grantor lambda zip file is located. | string | n/a | yes |

Reviewer 2: jar/zip

Author: updated

> | pg\_lambda\_bucket | Bucket where the privilege grantor lambda zip can be found, for example 'bucket\_name'. Used together with `pg_lambda_s3_key` to construct the full S3 path  | string | n/a | yes |

Reviewer: full S3 path -> full S3 path.

```

The apiary-privileges-grantor lambda can be found in the public [maven repository](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.expediagroup.apiary/apiary-privileges-grantor-lambda).
The jars can be downloaded from the link provided above and uploaded to S3 via terraform as follows:

```

> variable "pg_lambda_version" {

Reviewer: OK, so the version is still available as a variable? We should still document it in the README shouldn't we?

Author: It is not. This is an example code that is optional and helps with fetching the lambda artefact from maven and uploads it to S3.

Reviewer: OK, as long as @patduin is OK with this then so am I. @patduin ?

Reviewer 2: see my comments on the nullResource thing. Not ok :): Update: OK

  description = "Version of the Privilege Grantor Lambda."
  type        = "string"
  default     = "4.2.0"
}

data "aws_s3_bucket" "apiary-extensions" {
  bucket = "pg-s3-bucket"
}

> resource "null_resource" "apiary-privileges-grantor-jar" {

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't do this point to a place on s3. either the shared maven repos if possible otherwise just copy the jar manually once. You really don't want do to this every time you apply.

Reviewer 2: Missed the bit where this was a example in the readme :) yeah all good

  depends_on = ["data.aws_s3_bucket.apiary_extensions"]

  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = <<CMD

>         curl -sLo apiary-privileges-grantor-core-${var.pg_lambda_version}.jar https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/expediagroup/apiary/apiary-privileges-grantor-core/${var.pg_lambda_version}/apiary-privileges-grantor-core-${var.pg_lambda_version}.jar && zip apiary-privileges-grantor-core-${var.pg_lambda_version}.zip apiary-privileges-grantor-core-${var.pg_lambda_version}.jar

Reviewer 2: there is no need to zip it, lambda can take a jar or a zip

Author: updated

CMD
  }
}

resource "aws_s3_bucket_object" "apiary-privileges-grantor-jar" {
  depends_on = ["null_resource.apiary-privileges-grantor-jar"]

  bucket = "${data.aws_s3_bucket.apiary_extensions.id}"

>   key    = "apiary-privileges-grantor-lambda-${var.pg_lambda_version}.zip"

Reviewer 2: .zip -> .jar

Author: changed

```

> The apiary-privileges-grantor lambda can be found in the public maven repositories like `https://mvnrepository.com` or `https://oss.sonatype.org`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The apiary-privileges-grantor lambda can be found in the public [maven repository](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.expediagroup.apiary/apiary-privileges-grantor-lambda).
```

> If you want you can download the jar from these repositories and upload it to S3 via terraform as well.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The jars can be downloaded from the link provided above and uploaded to S3 via terraform as follows:
```

Author: shouldn't "uploaded" be "upload it" ?

Reviewer 3: No. I think it should be uploaded.

Author: @massdosage what do you think?

Reviewer 2: copied :)

Author: Actually, I agree with @abhimanyugupta07 now that I've reread it.

```
variable "pg_lambda_version" {
  description = "Version of the Privilege Grantor Lambda."
  type        = "string"
  default     = "4.2.0"
}

data "aws_s3_bucket" "apiary-extensions" {
  bucket = "pg-s3-bucket"
}

resource "null_resource" "apiary-privileges-grantor-jar" {
  depends_on = ["data.aws_s3_bucket.apiary_extensions"]

  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = <<CMD
        curl -sLo apiary-privileges-grantor-core-${var.pg_lambda_version}.jar https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/expediagroup/apiary/apiary-privileges-grantor-core/${var.pg_lambda_version}/apiary-privileges-grantor-core-${var.pg_lambda_version}.jar && zip apiary-privileges-grantor-core-${var.pg_lambda_version}.zip apiary-privileges-grantor-core-${var.pg_lambda_version}.jar
CMD
  }
}

resource "aws_s3_bucket_object" "apiary-privileges-grantor-jar" {
  depends_on = ["null_resource.apiary-privileges-grantor-jar"]

  bucket = "${data.aws_s3_bucket.apiary_extensions.id}"
  key    = "apiary-privileges-grantor-lambda-${var.pg_lambda_version}.zip"
  source = "apiary-privileges-grantor-core-${var.pg_lambda_version}.zip"

> 

Reviewer 3: remove this empty line, please.

Author: done.
